# Exercise 2.5

## Learning Goals:

- Add images to the model and display them on the frontend of your application
- Create complex views with access to the model
- Display records with views and templates

## Reflection Questions: 

1. In your own words, explain Django static files and how Django handles them

2. Look up the following two Django packages on Django's official documentation and/or other trusted sources. Write a brief description of each
   ListView
   DetailView

3. You're now more than halfway through Achievement 2! Take a moment to reflect on your learning in the course so far. How is it going? What's something you're proud of so far? Is there something you're struggling with? What do you need more practice with? You can use these notes to guide your next mentor call.

## Answers:
1. Static files are files that are not dynamically generated by the Django server. They include CSS, images, and JavaScript files. The do not change while the web application is running. Static files are delivered directly from the file system.

2. ListView: This helps the developer display items as a list. It allows you to access recods from the model using 'object_list'. It simplifies the process of creating views that present multiple instances of a model.
   DetailView: This helps the developer display item details. It displays a single object from a specific model to show detailed information about the object.

3. I think I have a pretty decent understanding of what I am doing. The bookstore application during the reading is very helpful because I am getting an example of what to do, but then I have to take what I learned and apply it to the recipe app. So it is not just an exact copy so I have to do some critical thinking on my own which is very helpful, while not being overwhelmingly challenging. 
